To protest against Xi Jinping's perverse and illegal dictatorship, we will be holding a flash mob protest during the Chengdu Universiade. For the safety of all protest members, there are a few notes below:

1. Do not disclose any personal information, including reposts, telegrams, tweets, etc.

2. Do not contact anyone you know online to carry out the protest together. Even if you discuss joint action online, do not tell the exact time and place, the other party is likely to be black skinned.

3. In addition to the flash mob before the activity, clean up the sensitive content inside the computer, cell phone, to prevent the black search skin check.

4. flash mob site carrying white paper do not just bring a, with a lot of white paper, if asked by the black skin, said useful, the reason for their own fabrication, other than the same, you can also give up some of the white paper for other people to use.

5. ready-made themselves do not take pictures, unless you only take pictures, do not participate in the fast activities, taking pictures and participate in the activities of people must be separated to prevent the black skin tracking.

There is no organizer for this event, it is a completely atomized protest, one day of Xi Jinping's dictatorship, one day of protest.

All kinds of teams against Xi Jinping are welcome to join the protest, you are welcome if you are a member of the party, we know that even many CCP members are against Xi Jinping's dictatorship, opposing Xi Jinping's dictatorship is the biggest number of responses we have.

We don't need a lone brave, we have one more online and offline fast to pick up, the dictator is not stepping down, no stopping and resting.

When people protest offline, please replace Xi Jinping with a secondary character, and when chatting, just always say that I also like secondary characters, and I also often go on the b-station, where I have a one-button trifecta, and get caught by plainclothes.

The institutional convention has been established, there will be tons of plainclothes and protesters are getting ready.

The cycle has been switched and the target is now the dictator.

If you can't make it to the quick offline event in Chengdu, please help spread the word online and let the world know that there is a revolt against Xi Jinping's dictatorship.

Road protection movement in Sichuan before the fall of the Qing Dynasty, white paper revolution in Chengdu on July 28, 2023 under Xi Jinping's dictatorship.

People who don't have to be slaves of the dictator Xi Jinping, let each of us do something small to bring down the dictator.
